Last night I watched Kimi No Na Wa, the new "hit movie" from Makoto
Shinkai, and which is now second only to Spirited Away in box office
revenue in Japan. It was excellent. Perhaps the best movie I have seen
to date. Spoilers to follow.

The beginning was well put-together, it was pretty mysterious but also
pretty obvious what was happening. The audience figures out what's going
on right as the characters do. And once they—and we—figured out what's
going on, their actions made so much sense. They behaved rationally and
tried to make the best of this situation. They're lovable characters and
their interaction is made even more lovable by how bizarre it is; they
set each other's lives up for interesting scenarios, both for fun and
because they care about each other and want to improve the other's life.

And then the true excitement starts, with the revelation that in fact
the time is out of sync and the comet will destroy the town. Then it
gains kind of an adventure genre feel, which I greatly enjoyed. It had
excitement and suspense and because we had grown to love the characters,
there was a true desire that the characters would figure everything out.
The excitement continued through this part, it was never boring.

Then the ending. After they were separated, having shared so much, can't
even remember the other's name. Then they come so close to meeting, time
after time, this was the most stressful but also the most exciting part
of the movie. Andrew made the comparison to La La Land, but I feel like
the ending is what mostly distinguishes the two movies. Whereas La La
Land sets you up for happiness then dashes it with some depressing
message about life, this one sets you up for disappointment in a magical
setting, then gives back everything it promised and more with the ending
where they actually do find each other. They're not so weak that they
would just ignore each other.

Moreover the movie was beautiful. The best looking animated movie I have
ever seen, perhaps even the best looking movie overall, though Mad Max
Fury Road is quite the visual spectacle. The character designs were
plain, but this didn't detract from the movie at least while it was
happening. I can't be sure this wasn't a stylistic decision, but I can't
be sure it was, either.

Anyway, great movie. It pulled on my emotions in enjoyable ways.
