I used to have a tumblr blog. I made it in high school to host my memes.
Even now the material there is, I think, pretty high quality for the
most part. Of course there's a bit of trash, but there's always a bit of
trash mixed in with anything great. The url is
[btruml.tumblr.com](https://btruml.tumblr.com). Don't mind the style
sheet, I
just tried to make it as inconvenient as possible to actually look at my
content. I was in to that kind of thing back then.

But the point of this post is only half reminiscence. The other is to
discuss my feelings about the tumblr community. They've created a kind
of echo chamber in which only the stereotypical "safe space" kind of
things are permitted. Anything else won't be accepted in the community.
Don't get me wrong, though, I agree with the community on most issues. I
do not feel, as many do, that they give feminism a bad name, or even
that they are taking these issues too far. My only issue is that the
echo-chamber kind of community creates stagnation in which new ideas
aren't accepted. This can be dangerous when taken to the extreme, and
although they're right about many issues, there's always the
possibility that if they're wrong, there's no one to tell them this.

Interestingly enough, when I started this post I expected this review to
be more positive, but because I'll probably write all posts in a
stream-of-consciousness style, I guess this is where my consciousness
truly lies on the issue.

Aha but this is only half of why I wrote this post. The other half is
that I want to resume my blog. My plan is this: I'll gather many high
quality memes, then dump them one day at a time to my blog. I like this
plan because the alternative is to post one thing whenever I think of
it, and it'll eventually die when I forget for too long. So by thinking
of memes ahead of time I can get in the habit of it and when I finally
start posting, my return will be glorious.
